README.md, before:

# Things coded on the [clumsycomputer stream](https://twitch.tv/clumsycomputer)

[clumsycomputer](https://twitch.tv/clumsycomputer) is a Twitch stream where we program something
from scratch together to better learn how things work! This usually means no libraries
and potentially no imports. This repository contains the code for
all the things that we coded on stream.

If you find it interesting, please stop by the stream, we'd love to have you around! There's
currently no schedule, so you can follow [twitch.tv/clumsycomputer](https://twitch.tv/clumsycomputer)
and you'll be notified when it's live!

## Index

* 2020/06/29: A full-featured regex engine from scratch in Python (no imports)
[(code)](https://github.com/vladh/clumsycomputer/tree/master/2020-06-29-regex)
(VOD coming soon)

## Credits

clumsycomputer is [vladh](https://vladh.net).

## License

MIT License.

Copyright 2020 Vlad-Stefan Harbuz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add space between clumsy and computer

README.md, after:

# Things coded on the [clumsy computer stream](https://twitch.tv/clumsycomputer)

[clumsy computer](https://twitch.tv/clumsycomputer) is a Twitch stream where we program something
from scratch together to better learn how things work! This usually means no libraries
and potentially no imports. This repository contains the code for
all the things that we coded on stream.

If you find it interesting, please stop by the stream, we'd love to have you around! There's
currently no schedule, so you can follow [twitch.tv/clumsycomputer](https://twitch.tv/clumsycomputer)
and you'll be notified when it's live!

## Index

* 2020/06/29: A full-featured regex engine from scratch in Python (no imports)
[(code)](https://github.com/vladh/clumsycomputer/tree/master/2020-06-29-regex)
(VOD coming soon)

## Credits

clumsy computer is [vladh](https://vladh.net).

## License

MIT License.

Copyright 2020 Vlad-Stefan Harbuz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
